Update private-link-setup.md (#102649)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-desktop/private-link-setup.md

When you set up your NSG, you must configure it to allow both the URLs in the [required URL list](safe-url-list.md) and your private endpoints. Make sure to include the URLs for Azure Monitor.

>[!NOTE]

> >If you intend to restrict network ports from either the user clients or your session host VMs to the private endpoints you will need to allow traffic across the entire TCP dynamic port range of 1 - 65535 to the private endpoint for the hostpool resource using the "connection" sub-resource. If you restrict the ports to the endpoint your users may not be able to connect successfully due to the inability to connect to the Azure Virtual Desktop service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>If you intend to restrict network ports from either the user client devices or your session host VMs to the private endpoints, you will need to allow traffic across the entire TCP dynamic port range of 1 - 65535 to the private endpoint for the host pool resource using the *connection* sub-resource. If you restrict ports to the endpoint, your users may not be able to connect successfully to Azure Virtual Desktop. 
```

> >If you intend to restrict network ports from either the user clients or your session host VMs to the private endpoints you will need to allow traffic across the entire TCP dynamic port range of 1 - 65535 to the endpoint IP assigned with the rdgateway FQDN created by the hostpool subresource private endpoint type. If you restrict the ports to the endpoint your users may not be able to connect successfully due to the inability to connect to the Azure Virtual Desktop service. 

Reviewer 2: minor nit:
please change the wording from: '**hostpool subresource private endpoint type**' to '**the private endpoint to the hostpool resource using the "connection" sub-resource**'
